Clarify wording on timestamps + Personas note (#2222)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/spec/common.md

> **All timestamps are [ISO-8601](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) date strings.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**All timestamps are [ISO-8601](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601){:target="_blank"} date strings.**
```

> note ""

> > **NOTE:** You must use ISO-8601 date strings _including_ timezones when you use timestamps with [Personas](/docs/personas/). If you send custom traits without a timezone, Segment does not save the timestamp value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** You must use ISO-8601 date strings that include timezones when you use timestamps with [Personas](/docs/personas/). If you send custom traits without a timezone, Segment doesn't save the timestamp value.
```
